[KB-278] Add paper about ANN in related works (#189)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/related_work.tex

They demonstrated that blending different models, such as \gls{gbr} and \gls{pls} for \ce{SiO2}, could improve prediction accuracy.
Their study serves as a benchmark for model performance on LIBS spectra and offers insights into model selection for similar datasets.

\citet{el_haddad_ann_2013} explored the application of \gls{ann} for quantitative analysis of soil samples using \gls{libs}, employing a three-layer perceptron \gls{ann} architecture to address matrix effects and nonlinearities.
They demonstrated that \gls{ann} is efficient for predicting the concentrations of \ce{Al}, \ce{Ca}, \ce{Cu}, and \ce{Fe}.

> Incorporating spectral lines from other chemical elements in addition to the analyte of interest was also shown to significantly improve predictive accuracy.

Reviewer: What does this mean? Does it refer to predicting multiple oxides at once? What does it mean to incorporate spectral lines from other chemical elements? Do they remove some?

Reviewer: @Ivikhostrup told me that it's basically "more data, better model," which I think could play well with the challenge of limited data that we highlight. So saying that more explicitly would be good?

> Incorporating spectral lines from other chemical elements in addition to the analyte of interest was also shown to significantly improve predictive accuracy.

Author: ```suggestion
Incorporating additional spectral lines from other chemical elements, thereby increasing the amount of data input to the model, was also shown to significantly improve predictive accuracy.
```
